---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "appoptics_alert Resource - terraform-provider-appoptics"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# appoptics_alert (Resource)

Provides an AppOptics alert resource. It can be used to create and manage alerts definitions in the AppOptics. Corresponding API is documented [here](https://docs.appoptics.com/api/#alerts).

## Example usage

```hcl
resource appoptics_notification_service service_email2 {
  type = "mail"
  title = "mail-notif2"
  settings = <<EOF
{
  "addresses": "foobar@example.com,boo@example.com"
}
EOF
}

resource appoptics_alert example_alert {
  name = "example-alert"
  active = true
  description = "Example text"
  condition {
    detect_reset     = false
    type             = "above"
    threshold        = 90
    metric_name      = "example_metric_two"
    duration         = 120
    summary_function = "sum"
  }
  # Both TF managed service and manually created can be reffered
  services = toset(["201647", appoptics_notification_service.service_email2.id])
}
```

## Argument Reference
### Required

- `name` (String) - A unique name used to identify the alert.
- `condition` (Block Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--condition)) - single or multiple conditions

### Optional

- `active` (Boolean) - Identifies whether the alert is active (can be triggered). Defaults to true.
- `attributes` (Map of String) - The only documented attribute is `runbook_url`
- `description` (String) - A string describing this alert.
- `rearm_seconds` (Number) - Specifies the minimum amount of time between sending alert notifications, in seconds.
- `services` (Set of String) - Set of services IDs (`appoptics_notification_service` resource)

**NOTE** Althought `rearm_seconds` is optional in fact provider will set it to default value of 600 if not specified.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `condition`

Optional:

- `type` (String) - One of `above`, `absent`, or `below`.
- `detect_reset` (Boolean) - If “true” only increasing (positive) values will be reported. Any time the current value is less than the previous it is considered a reset of the counter and a derivative of zero is reported.
- `duration` (Number) - Number of seconds that data for the specified metric/tag combination must be above the threshold for before the condition is met.
- `metric_name` (String) - The name of the metric this alert condition applies to.
- `summary_function` (String) - Indicates which statistic of an aggregated measurement to alert on.
- `tag` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--condition--tag))
- `threshold` (Number) - Threshold to fire the alert.

<a id="nestedblock--condition--tag"></a>
### Nested Schema for `condition.tag`

Optional:

- `dynamic` (Boolean) - Not documented in the context of Alert API
- `grouped` (Boolean) - Data Streams matching the specified tag set can be grouped with the property "grouped":true.
- `name` (String) - Key of the tag
- `values` (List of String) - Value of the tag


