---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "appoptics_dashboard_chart Resource - terraform-provider-appoptics"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# appoptics_dashboard_chart (Resource)

Provides an AppOptics dashboard chart resource. It can be used to create and managed dashboards (spaces) charts in the AppOptics. Please note that [AppOptics API](https://docs.appoptics.com/api/#spaces) uses the legacy name "spaces".

## Example usage

```hcl
resource "appoptics_dashboard" "example_dashboard" {
  name = "My-Example-Dashboard"
}

resource appoptics_metric metric_two {
  name = "example_metric_two"
  type = "gauge"
  description = "Example description"
  display_name = "example-metric-two"
  attributes {
    aggregate       = false
    display_max     = 0
    display_min     = 0
    display_stacked = false
    gap_detection   = false
  }
}

resource "appoptics_dashboard_chart" "example_chart" {
  space_id   = appoptics_dashboard.example_dashboard.id
  name       = "Example Chart"
  min        = 0
  max        = 100
  label      = "Used"
  type       = "line"

  stream {
    metric      = appoptics_metric.metric_two.name
    color       = "#fa7268"
    units_short = "%"
    units_long  = "Percentage used"

    tags {
      name   = "environment"
      values = ["staging"]
    }
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

**NOTE** - It might be required to define `depend_on` attribute pointing to the metric required for the chart. It will gurantee correct order of resources creation.

### Required

- `name` (String) - Title of the chart when it is displayed.
- `space_id` (Number) - Dashboard ID from AppOptics

### Optional

- `label` (String) - The Y-axis label
- `max` (Number) - The maximum display value of the chart’s Y-axis
- `min` (Number) - The minimum display value of the chart’s Y-axis
- `related_space` (Number) - The ID of another space to which this chart is related
- `stream` (Block Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--stream)) - Describs the metrics and tags to use for data in the chart
- `type` (String) - Indicates the type of chart. Must be one of line, stacked, or bignumber (default to line)

**NOTE**: Althought they are optional, some of them (`min`, `max`, `related_space`, `type`) receive default value if not set by terraform. Issue is described [here](https://github.com/appoptics/terraform-provider-appoptics/issues/56).

**NOTE**: Change of `type` forces resource recreation.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--stream"></a>
### Nested Schema for `stream`

Optional:

- `color` (String) - Sets a color to use when rendering the stream. Must be a seven character string that represents the hex code of the color e.g. #52D74C.
- `composite` (String) - A composite metric query string to execute when this stream is displayed. This can not be specified with a metric, tag or group_function.
- `group_function` (String) - How to process the results when grouping. Value must be one of: average, sum, min, max.
- `max` (Number) - Theoretical maximum Y-axis value.
- `metric` (String) - Name of metric
- `min` (Number) - Theoretical minimum Y-axis value.
- `name` (String) - A display name to use for the stream when generating the tooltip.
- `period` (Number) - An integer value of seconds that defines the period this stream reports at.
- `summary_function` (String) - When visualizing complex measurements or a rolled-up measurement, this allows you to choose which statistic to use. If unset, defaults to “average”. Valid options are one of: [max, min, average, sum, count].
- `tags` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--stream--tags))
- `transform_function` (String) - Linear formula to run on each measurement prior to visualization.
- `units_long` (String) - String value to set as they Y-axis label. All streams that share the same units_long value will be plotted on the same Y-axis.
- `units_short` (String) - Unit value string to use as the tooltip label.

<a id="nestedblock--stream--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `stream.tags`

Optional:

- `dynamic` (Boolean) - Using dynamic: true optionally injects space level filters and groupings into the stream measurements.
- `grouped` (Boolean) - Using grouped: true groups measurements by the tag name.
- `name` (String)
- `values` (List of String)

**NOTE**: It was observed that tags do not persist in AppOptics. Issue described [here](https://github.com/appoptics/terraform-provider-appoptics/issues/54).


