---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "appoptics_metric Resource - terraform-provider-appoptics"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# appoptics_metric (Resource)

Provides an AppOptics metric resource. It can be used to create and manage metrics definitions in the AppOptics. Corresponding API is documented [here](https://docs.appoptics.com/api/#metrics).

## Example usage

```hcl
resource appoptics_metric metric_one {
  name = "example.metric_one"
  type = "gauge"

  attributes {
    aggregate       = false
    display_max     = 0
    display_min     = 0
    display_stacked = false
    gap_detection   = false
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

## Required

- `name` (String) - name of the metric
- `type` (String) - gauge or composite
- `attributes` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--attributes)) - should be optional but it's required due to the issue [#53](https://github.com/appoptics/terraform-provider-appoptics/issues/53)

## Optional

- `composite` (String) - The composite definition. Only used when type is composite.
- `description` (String) - Text that can be used to explain precisely what the gauge is measuring.
- `display_name` (String) - Name which will be used for the metric when viewing the Metrics website.
- `period` (Number) - Number of seconds that is the standard reporting period of the metric.

## Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attributes`

Optional:

- `aggregate` (Boolean) - Enable service-side aggregation for this metric.
- `color` (String) - Sets a default color to prefer when visually rendering the metric. Must be a seven character string that represents the hex code of the color e.g. #52D74C.
- `display_max` (Number) - If a metric has a known theoretical maximum value, set display_max so that visualizations can provide perspective of the current values relative to the maximum value.
- `display_min` (Number) - If a metric has a known theoretical minimum value, set display_min so that visualizations can provide perspective of the current values relative to the minimum value.
- `display_stacked` (Boolean) - A boolean value indicating whether or not multiple metric streams should be aggregated in a visualization (e.g. stacked graphs). This is disabled by default.
- `display_units_long` (String) - A string that identifies the unit of measurement e.g. Microseconds. Typically the long form of display_units_short and used in visualizations e.g. the Y-axis label on a graph.
- `display_units_short` (String) - A terse (usually abbreviated) string that identifies the unit of measurement e.g. uS (Microseconds). Typically the short form of display_units_long and used in visualizations e.g. the tooltip for a point on a graph.
- `gap_detection` (Boolean) - *Not described in the API documentation*
- `summarize_function` (String) - Determines how to calculate values when rolling up from raw values to higher resolution intervals. Must be one of: ‘average’, 'sum’, 'count’, 'min’, 'max’. If summarize_function is not set the behavior defaults to average.

Read-Only:

- `created_by_ua` (String)


